Incoming livestream: Cool, thank you so much.
Incoming livestream: Let's get these slides up here.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, that's right, so now, perfect.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, we'll just leave it.
Incoming livestream: I think I can. Here, let me bring it back.
Incoming livestream: No, it's good. Drag it over. And then… there we go.
Incoming livestream: What's up?
Incoming livestream: Oh, let's see, here. Oh, perfect.
Incoming livestream: Perfect, great.
Incoming livestream: Alright, thank you so much. Yeah, that was a really great talk. We get to first hear about how to, hack using prompt injection, and now I'm gonna talk about how to, detect and prevent prompt injection. So, I am Kyle, I lead security at Perplexity AI.
Incoming livestream: Given the name, we are an AI company. And,
Incoming livestream: Perplexity has 3 main products. The first one is Perplexity, which is the app. It's basically a AI-powered search engine. We call it a answer engine.
Incoming livestream: The second one is Comet, which we re-released last year. It is a AI-powered web browser, so a fully agentic browser.
Incoming livestream: And then, last week, we released Perplexity Computer, which goes beyond just having access to a browser, but it also has access to a file system and a sandbox, and it could write and execute code for you.
Incoming livestream: So, my team and I have become intimately familiar with all the AI challenges that you sort of expect with all these tools, and being one of the first to release it.
Incoming livestream: One of those challenges is prompt injection, which we have seen with our Comet browser. And so, yeah, I'm really excited to talk about BrowseSafe, which is, the classifier that we built, to detect prompt injection.
Incoming livestream: And, talk about the lessons learned, trying to deploy that into production and what we've seen.
Incoming livestream: So, first I'm going to talk about the problem of prompt injection. I know you've heard a ton of it, so I'll gloss over it. But then we'll also talk about BrowseSafeBench, which is the, data set, the eval dataset that we have, released and open sourced.
Incoming livestream: And then the classifier, which actually detects the prompt injection, and how, we deploy that to production systems, and, some guidance for you all as you're also building and starting to use these tools.
Incoming livestream: So, just to make sure we're all on the same page with, with what prompt injection is, especially for browser agents, a user might say, hey, Comet or AI agent, please book me a flight to New York City.
Incoming livestream: And so the agent will go and it'll figure out, okay, these are all the steps I need to take in order to actually achieve this goal, and then it will go and visit a website in order to do so.
Incoming livestream: That website is now in this, like, untrusted boundary where it's ingesting this content that we are…
Incoming livestream: that we cannot assume is trusted, and so it could contain some, like, malicious instructions. And those malicious instructions then get sent back to the tool output and eventually into the agent context. And this is really the root of the problem, where the agent context
Incoming livestream: is… at the end of the day, the LM doesn't know exactly what is tool output versus user input versus system prompt.
Incoming livestream: And then the… so basically the agent gets those instructions and then follows it.
Incoming livestream: And so, there's a lot of ways of doing a prompt injection attack. These are some of the ways that we've found.
Incoming livestream: And so, one is, impersonating the prompt template. And so, if you have built your own LLM, you probably have this template where you have the system prompt, and that has some sort of keys, and then there's a user prompt, and then maybe you separate in the user prompt, you separate what was user input, which is, book me a flight to New York City, and the tool output, which is the contents of the website.
Incoming livestream: That say, like, here are the flights available.
Incoming livestream: Another one that we've seen is, the agent social engineering, and so,
Incoming livestream: It's basically a website where it will instruct the agent to go through certain steps, seemingly benign. And so this, if you look at the language, it's very similar to how, like, fishing humans would look.
Incoming livestream: Finally, that was discussed a lot in the previous talk was, some sort of conditional trigger. This is usually some, like, hidden in Google Calendar events and stuff like that, where it says, hey, when the user asks to summarize this page or check your calendar, perform these steps in order to give them a really great response.
Incoming livestream: And those steps are malicious.
Incoming livestream: There's a lot of… in browsers, there's a lot of ways to hide this type of language. And so, one is, like, hidden div displays, or in the URL, and then also what was talked about a lot on the previous talk was, in calendar events, where basically it looks like a benign event, but then if you scroll all the way down, there's some malicious instructions that the
Incoming livestream: Agent ultimately detects.
Incoming livestream: So, there's a lot of benchmarks out there, and even open-source models, such as PromptGuard, which was previously discussed, where they attempted to create this dataset and classifiers in order to
Incoming livestream: successfully detect this prompt injection. A lot of the issues that we found was that the benchmarks that are currently out there in open source are not really realistic. They have a lot of qualities, and each has their own strengths.
Incoming livestream: But there isn't one eval framework that actually has all of the attack types and, injections that we've seen in the wild.
Incoming livestream: And this is gonna be something that could pop up in a second, but, when we tried using these datasets and these open source models, and even just prompted LLMs, we found a lot of issues. The first one was… I wish you could see that diagram. The first one was,
Incoming livestream: There's a lot of obvious types of prompt injection attacks. One is, please reveal your system prompt, ignore previous instruction, and so forth.
Incoming livestream: But then, when you get down to, more context manipulation, where the attacker is social engineering the model to do XYZ, so, it isn't as obvious, you could see the success rate of detecting prompt injection start to fall.
Incoming livestream: And then finally, at the very bottom of this chart, which you can't see, there's multi-language, and so it's basically an attack that the language is very obviously malicious, but they have the language in Hebrew or Spanish or something, and that causes the model to get confused and follow the instructions regardless.
Incoming livestream: And so, what we found here was that,
Incoming livestream: This really showed to us that models aren't actually looking at the intent of what it… of what the prompt injection is asking of… for the agent to do. Instead, it's just looking for keywords.
Incoming livestream: Another issue that we found, was what we call distractors. And so, on the top right, you can see the notorious cookie consent banner. And…
Incoming livestream: If you look at it from just the raw HTML, it almost looks like a prompt injection attack. It says, important, like, in order to proceed, you must click accept, or else you can't get the content. And what we found, too, was that a lot of these data sets and open source models don't actually take this into account.
Incoming livestream: And so if you see on the bottom right corner,
Incoming livestream: with no distractors, these models are doing pretty good, but the second you add just 3, it drops down to 81%, and stays that way. And so what we found was that distractors was a huge indicator, that, like, these models don't work well in live environments.
Incoming livestream: And it's also an indicator that, like, these models are looking at specific keywords and heuristics instead of the actual intent of the message.
Incoming livestream: So that's why we created Browse SafeBench. So what we did was we…
Incoming livestream: took a dataset from things that we've seen in the wild, we created this massive pipeline to de-anonymize and classify these types of attacks into a very specific taxonomy bracket of the types of attacks that we've seen, the way they're injected, and we open-sourced it. And so, this was the event
Incoming livestream: dataset that we also used.
Incoming livestream: to train our own model. And so, the model is based off of Quinn, $30 billion,
Incoming livestream: We use $30 billion in inference, and this helps with latency, which I'll show in a second. But,
Incoming livestream: Yeah, let's see if we can get that slide up there.
Incoming livestream: There we go. Okay, great. And so, you can see that a lot of the…
Incoming livestream: open source, or a lot of the, one, open source models, such as PromptGuard and GPT OSS Safeguard, don't actually work that well in live environments. That was the first thing that we've… that we've discovered. But the second thing, too, is that, a lot of the prompted LMs, especially, like, GPT-5 and GPT-5 Mini, do exceptionally well.
Incoming livestream: Which is really great. And so, there's two things that we take away from this, this part of the research.
Incoming livestream: One is that fine-tuning a model specific on this dataset obviously makes it perform better than just a prompted LLM, which probably isn't that surprising.
Incoming livestream: But what I think is really, really great is how we're able to achieve that with this kind of latency. So, we're able to achieve this, like, 90.4% F1 score, in sub-second latency. So now we take something where GPT-5 Mini can take 2 seconds, or GPT-5 can take up to 20 seconds.
Incoming livestream: Ours is consistently sub-second, and therefore, very easy to implement into production without, massive user frustration.
Incoming livestream: So…
Incoming livestream: In addition to being the fastest and having the highest F1 score, Browseafe is also unique in that it doesn't just output a yes or no binary. It outputs a probability score of how confident it is that what it's seeing is prompt injection.
Incoming livestream: And so, I don't know about y'all, if y'all ever, had an LLM try to judge something of whether or not this is classified as some
Incoming livestream: pattern that you want to see, and you ask it to explain itself and give a confidence score. Every time, for me at least, it returns, like, 93% every single time. Even when you ask it to, like, hey, like.
Incoming livestream: we want to do some logic on this classification score, so, please think about that a bit. And so, we train this in such a way so that it produces this confidence score very accurately. And now, using, BrowseSafe, security teams and product teams.
Incoming livestream: Have a knob they can turn on, how much precision and recall are they willing to accept in their product.
Incoming livestream: And so, a really good example is, like, if your system has…
Incoming livestream: a user experience where, let's say, the model detects prompt injection, and you can tell the user, hey, this looks like prompt injection to me, are you sure you want to continue? You can now suddenly afford a lot more false positives and turn that knob to fit your own use case.
Incoming livestream: So,
Incoming livestream: We have this dataset now with a ton of labeled attacks and a strong dataset of the taxonomy of what kinds of attacks there are and where they're being injected.
Incoming livestream: And so we really wanted to stress test BrowseSafe and see, how it performs with data it hasn't seen before.
Incoming livestream: And so we retrained the model, but held out certain characteristics to see how well it does when it's never seen it before.
Incoming livestream: So the first one was we held out the URLs, and it actually performed better than it was before, so we could confidently say it's not looking for certain keywords, or certain domains, and flagging those as malicious.
Incoming livestream: The second one was the attack language. So there was a dip, but not super significant. So, if there was an attack that had certain instructions that the model has never seen before, it would perform, in line with Frontier models.
Incoming livestream: The last thing was that we found that was interesting was if we held out injection strategies, and so this is placements in websites, that it's never seen before, there was a pretty significant drop.
Incoming livestream: And so, this is an indicator that attackers in the future will start to look at new ways of injecting prompt injection and trying to bypass those, those model guardrails.
Incoming livestream: And so…
Incoming livestream: I'm gonna start talking about how we actually take BrowseSafe and put it into production systems, and some suggestions for y'all on how to do this in your own systems and products.
Incoming livestream: And the first thing I want to talk about is, the fact that you…
Incoming livestream: the strategy should not just be, hey, let's put up a detection classifier and call it a day. As we've seen in the previous slide, defense of in-depth is absolutely necessary. These models can still be bypassed.
Incoming livestream: And so, the first layer of defense, which is the oldest trick in the book.
Incoming livestream: Is pre-processing and stripping out data that you don't need.
Incoming livestream: And so, the best defense is ensuring the text doesn't even get to the context. So any, like, HTML comments or hidden elements, that aren't useful for the model's, abilities to get the job done, we should just strip that out.
Incoming livestream: The second layer of defense is the classifier, and so, you should set up a system where every, tool that calls untrusted input, so this could be a website, this could be a calendar invite, this could be a connector to a third-party service, an MCP,
Incoming livestream: These should all have some classification check, before sending that data back to the agent.
Incoming livestream: If you don't want to use BrowseSafe and have to figure out inference and all of that work, honestly, Prompted GPT-5 Mini works really well at a F1 score of 85.4%.
Incoming livestream: There is that 2-second latency, but that's honestly not so bad for something that you can get started with today.
Incoming livestream: Finally, the last thing I would suggest is, when an attack is detected, don't just block the tool. You have to think of it from the LM's perspective. It's trying to call your calendar, and it sees an error. And so, what will it do? It might try again. It might try a different way. It might try calling the Google API if you're using something like OpenClaw. And so…
Incoming livestream: So, the better strategy is to not just return an error, but to also, return the tool output as the error message, basically telling the model, hey, I know you just tried getting your Google Calendar event, and we're rejecting it because we detect… our security systems detected prompt injection in that text.
Incoming livestream: And
Incoming livestream: you can either say, proceed with caution, tell the user, or in the case for Comet, we…
Incoming livestream: block basically all tool… all any follow-up tools, and we tell Comet, return text directly to the user. So the second we see that prompt injection, we don't even give it the ability to do any follow-up tool calls.
Incoming livestream: The third layer of defense, which is actually relatively recent, is that you should always be using the latest model as your agent. And so, the snippets that I have here on the screen are from the, Opus 4.6 system card.
Incoming livestream: And at least the first time that I've seen, this is the first system card that actually, one, goes super in-depth about testing and measuring prompt injection success.
Incoming livestream: But two, this is the first one I've seen that actually tests it using browser, specifically for, browser use. And so they're testing it against, they're testing Opus 4.6 against attack scenarios, using browser use cases.
Incoming livestream: And so, the jump between 4.5 to 4.6 was pretty significant, going from a 16.2% success rate down to 2.83. In addition, you can see on the bottom right where, with updated safeguards, which is a pipeline
Incoming livestream: I guess they didn't share it, but I'd imagine very similar to what we have. It gets down to .08%, which is really fantastic.
Incoming livestream: And so the last layer of defense I would suggest when it comes down to detecting prompt injection is to build an LLM backstop. And so, you can have traffic coming in, you can have your classifier, such as BrowseSafe, detecting, hey, is this prompt injection or not? But since BrowseSafe
Incoming livestream: outputs that confidence score, anything that's low confidence, you can have it sent to a backup, basically. A large, a very large language model that will, add in some additional latency, but it's probably worth it, I guess, depending on your use case.
Incoming livestream: In addition, what I think is really cool about this is that you can now turn this into a data flywheel. And so, let's say the classifier, thinks it sees prompt injection, it's not entirely sure, we send that to the LLM backstop, the LLM backstop looks at it and says, okay, this actually is prompt injection for XYZ reason. We can now add that to our pipeline and training data set.
Incoming livestream: To retrain that classifier to catch new attacks in the future.
Incoming livestream: And so, yeah, some key takeaways. One is, the evals that we've seen so far, especially in academia, unfortunately don't translate well into production.
Incoming livestream: The second thing, too, was, fine-tuning on domain-specific data sets, beats general-purpose models, by a wide, wide margin, and I think in the security industry, we should be doing more of that and open sourcing that work.
Incoming livestream: The third thing is that, using Frontier models as your agent is a massive step up when it comes to prompt injection. They're gonna keep getting better and better, but especially the jump most recently from Opus 4.5 or GPT 5.1 to Opus 4.6 and 5.2 is a significant improvement to prompt injection security. You should please update.
Incoming livestream: And then, yeah, defense in depth, non-negotiable. I could do a whole talk about, like, all the other things that we do, even past detection, past detection in, in Comet.
Incoming livestream: But for now, like, even in detection, having multiple layers is super important.
Incoming livestream: And then finally, building that data flywheel. Because like we saw in our research, new attacks, the models, even BrowseSafe, struggle with detecting brand new attacks or brand new injection techniques that we haven't seen before. And so having that flywheel is super important.
Incoming livestream: Cool. Yeah, I want to give… first off, I want to say that both the model and the data set is fully open source. You could download it on Hugging Face. We also have shared our paper that goes super, super in-depth into what this research does and how we did it.
Incoming livestream: Also want to give a big shout-out to the, one, the folks at Perplexity who helped conduct this research, Mark Tenenholz, Dennis Sierrais, and Jerry Ma, and then also the folks from Purdue University who collaborated with us, which is Cailloon Zhang and Dr. Ning Guaitli.
Incoming livestream: And I guess one more thing while I have the mic. We are hiring, we are a very, very ambitious security team. We are tackling two problems at once. One is we're trying to figure out.
Incoming livestream: Product-facing security, where as agents are doing more and more work on behalf of humans,
Incoming livestream: a lot of the security landscape is changing, and so, like, what does identity look like? What does threat detection look like? And what does DLP look like? I think that's gonna significantly change in the next couple years.
Incoming livestream: And the second thing is, internally, we are really redefining how we're trying to redefine how security teams operate, using LLMs and agents at its core. And so, I hope to be back here maybe in a year from now to talk about all the things we built.
Incoming livestream: But please, if you're interested in any of this research and helping us build this, please talk to us. I'll be here for the rest of the day. We also have some folks in Perplexity who'll be here as well.
Incoming livestream: Cool, thank you. Very cool.
Incoming livestream: I've got one to start. How do you think about the trade-offs between…
Incoming livestream: Open sourcing, sort of an oracle that can be used to teach the bad guys what we'll get through, versus,
Incoming livestream: You know, sort of…
Incoming livestream: holding back your data? Yeah, that's a good question. I'm… I'm a huge fan of open sourcing our work. I just… I feel like, defenders really need
Incoming livestream: I mean, I feel like I need, like, we need a lot of help, right, with detecting these types of attacks, and so, at the end of the day, like, these red teams, these threat actors, they're going to be poking around and trying to find these vulnerabilities anyway, and I would love for us in Perplexity, but also the rest of the security industry, to please, share more and open source more. I feel like we see a lot of these blogs
Incoming livestream: post talking about
Incoming livestream: all the things that XYZ product did, or how… or how, like, threat actors are using Opus to conduct attacks, but they don't actually share any IOCs or things how to protect yourself from those attackers. And so, yeah, I'm just a huge fan of open sourcing our work.
Incoming livestream: Good question.
Incoming livestream: Awesome. Great talk. Can you talk a little bit more about the recent, Perplex browser research, and, you know, if it was fixed, and how was it fixed? Is this the Zenity? Yes. Zennedy blog? Oh, yeah, okay. So, yeah, we worked with Zenity on that.
Incoming livestream: They, they found some… okay, so they found two findings. One was that Comet… the Comet agent had access to
Incoming livestream: the file system. And so if you go to Chrome, and you say, hey, navigate to my home directory, and then I click things, like, you're able to do that. That's a basic browser feature. We added in a ton of guardrails into, the assistant to prevent it from doing so. However, a lot of these were very soft limits, so think of things like, LM analysis, or, like, in the system prompt.
Incoming livestream: And so, what Zenity found was that
Incoming livestream: If you, if the person who is controlling Comet has the ability… can prompt it in such a way to basically bypass those guardrails, you can get the agent to look at, look at files on your system.
Incoming livestream: I do want to stress that, one, this is not a prompt injection attack, and so we treat user content as trusted, so if you're on Comet and you type in, like, go to XYZ.com, it will. It won't assume that's some sort of attack.
Incoming livestream: But also, we do think it was useful that, like, identifying that there was this soft guardrail, and we need something much more harder. And so what we did was we added, we added, like, strong guardrails into the comment browser itself to ensure that the agent doesn't even have access to that in the first place.
Incoming livestream: The second thing that Zendy found was the prompt injection, prompt injection attack, specifically on 1Password. It wasn't really specific for 1Password, but it was a prompt injection attack.
Incoming livestream: And so what they found was, if you sent a calendar invite with some Hebrew instructions, and you asked Comet to go follow those instructions, their blog post is talking about how it's able to do so.
Incoming livestream: What they failed to disclose was that they had to run that query, like, 200 times, and on the 200th and first time, it actually worked.
Incoming livestream: And so,
Incoming livestream: Yeah, I… so, one is we improved our models to detect that kind of attack even further.
Incoming livestream: I do feel like it was a bit disingenuous to say that it was fully vulnerable to that kind of attack, given that they literally just had to rerun it 200 times in order for it to finally work. And so, I am a huge fan of working with
Incoming livestream: pen testers and external security teams. I do think there is a strong line between actually doing, like, security research and finding vulnerabilities versus trying to, create a blog post for marketing material.
Incoming livestream: Good question. Hello, thanks for the talk. I'm Omer, I'm a researcher at RSAC. At some point, you had a table up where you were comparing existing, benchmarks and how they were failing to cover some, strategies.
Incoming livestream: How… how accurate do you think that table is today? These… these prompt injection strategies keep changing every day, right?
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so you're saying, like, we have this eval system today, and how will it hold up in the test of time?
Incoming livestream: It's a good question. I think, along with us, I think attackers are also figuring out how to properly use this, and so I'd imagine we will see a lot of new and novel prompt injection attacks in the future. I'm optimistic that with things like the data flywheel, our own research and working with various red teams, we'll uncover it, and we'll be able to quickly improve that classifier in our system.
Incoming livestream: Systems in order to detect in the future.
Incoming livestream: It is a good question, though. Maybe we'll release a Browsafe bench 2 at some point.
Incoming livestream: Yeah. Thank you.